well howdy there internet people is
bogey Anna so I guess we got to talk
about Trump's tariffs you know the new
ones he's slapping on Mexico 5% on
everything I don't think I could put it
any better than Adrienne Wiley
he was a candidate for governor here in
Florida and let me tell you he is
Florida man down to a tee this is a guy
who he didn't like the Real ID Act so he
surrendered his driver's license drove
around trying to get arrested for
driving without a license
and anyway cops wouldn't arrest him
because they knew what he was up to they
can recognize Florida man when they see
one
and they didn't want to spend the next
five years going to testify in court as
he fought it to this day I don't know
that he has a license or if he ever got
arrested or not but anyway he put it
into perfect terms we get about half our
fruits and veggies from Mexico so the
cost of these things is going to go up
5% because that's how tariffs work the
consumer you actually end up paying for
this now the American consumer is going
to be upset by this it is going to make
restaurants and grocers look for other
sources so for once there's a good thing
that comes from one of trumps temper
tantrums the American farmer is going to
have a competitive edge that's cool
there's going to be increased demand for
the American farmer which means they're
going to need more labor
who are they gonna hire congratulations
president you have just increased demand
and incentive to cross the border
illegally you're a very stable genius
sir now wow that's funny that's all
that's all that's all well and good I
just want to point out the reason he's
doing this is because he believes that
the Mexican government is not keeping
people in their country well enough he
is once again asserting that it is
government's job to stop you from
leaving it is once again he is saying
government has the authority to keep you
in your home country no matter what even
if you're gonna go to another country
and claim asylum which by the way that's
illegal but either way that's what he is
asserting now I want to remind everybody
this is the guy who wants to build a
wall along our southern border walls
work both ways y'all need to remember
that anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night